42's Curriculum

42 cursus includes two groups of projects: the first one being known as "inner circle" and the second one, "outer treks".

    The inner circle is the basic curriculum, with all projects being mandatory to attain level 7 - which is the minimum level required for activities such as internships and interchange.

    The outer treks is a collection of diverse project trails in subjects ranging from operational systems to web development which allows cadets to specialize on whatever subject they prefer.

Inner Circle (basic curriculum)
Circle 	Project 	Technology 	Description
00 	Libft 	C 	Recode a number of functions from the standard C library, as well as other utility functions that will be reused through the curriculum.
01 	ft_printf 	C 	Recode the printf function.
01 	Born2beroot 	VM, Network & system administration 	Create a machine in VirtualBox under specific instructions. Then, at the end of this project, we are able to set up our own operating system while implementing strict rules.
01 	get_next_line 	C 	Coding a function that returns one line at a time from a text file.
02 	pipex 	C 	Recoding and discover in detail UNIX mechanism - pipe.
02 	so_long 	C 	Create a small 2D game with minilibx.
02 	push_swap 	C 	Sort data on a stack, with specific rules, using the lowest possible number of actions.
03 	minishell 	C 	Create a simple shell.
03 	Philosophers 	C 	An introduction to threading and processes, and how to work on the same memory space.
04 	cub3d 	C, Computer Graphics 	Inspired by the world-famous eponymous 90's game, which was the first FPS ever. This project will enable students to explore ray-casting. The goal will be to make a dynamic view inside a maze, in which the player will have to find its way.
04 	NetPractice 	Network & system administration 	This project aims to introduce students to the network through practical cases.
04 	CPP Module(9) 	C++ 	Understand the specificities of C++ compared to C. It's time to dive into object-oriented programming!
05 	ft_container 	C++ 	The many containers of C++ have various interests. In order to understand them well, we will re-implement them!
05 	Inception 	Docker, Network & system administration 	This project aims to deepen our knowledge by making us use Docker. We will virtualise several Docker images by creating them in our new personal virtual machine.
05 	webserv 	C++, Unix, Network & system administration 	Write our own HTTP server. We have to follow the HTTP RFC and will therefore be able to test with a real web browser.
06 	ft_transcendence 	Web, NestJS, framework TypeScript, PostgreSQL 	This project consists in creating a website to participate in a competition of the famous game Pong !

This repository contains the projects of the inner circle that I finished.
